the show apart
with the definition of the procedures performed on April 8 to 12
and there is no surplus to the vacancies the palm trees had one of the three drums
Paulo said that it was found how the idea of ​​inviting
great
he has nothing with pt
like the pmdb to hold this three-drum course we already have a
tradition of
do events here at home
next to the congress
the unisc has the brazilian we
ef
always brought me great American competitors and coaches
So I can be late arriving too.
to our
animals and other trainers here in Brazil your knowledge
and that lie the third time he returns to Brazil
was a request from the drum staff and for being a great trainer one
success person
The whole city of saints in Brazil
the approval was initiated by the city forces the city stayed on account of the time
entities
regionally
ex
providers of truth is a family union
Because he has a son, he came back. I'm going to see his father and mother.
everyone to participate
it's a really good place
in the world is 97 children
So I think everything we do
think
in the future
are the children are too cold
and this is it
It's a big help.
on Saturday left of the three drums happened on 5 days and that April 9
who witnessed more than 40 thousand reais in prizes
things are going well on April 10-12
attracting many fans of the sport to get a closer look
irritation of the coach the competitor totally ready that was five times
world champion of three reels or more than 3 billion dollars in
career gains because if you had the coach with the biggest gains in a
single season and founder of the company and money
want more
check out now who found that our animals
the approximation between saying this to the point where the designer despairs
given that analysts now who should comply with table abc news
is this year the taeq denied I placed or is the full period of nothing we should
imitate his strategy then see the training I put to you
it is a gift to louis leterrier from open program is the river - came to
Venice in the afternoon
and I give him the owner of the fold in programming and even in
question after the bad that the company morelle emails
The damae folded his current criss-cross
aggressive model goes from there to the lodges then you aldo to you that do not
league of baseball inscribe berber of year of andre playboy said meridor that the
number of times that mike hammer in relation to the competitors what brings
crisis
we need to improve
to succeed - three barrels ahead was 4% of pottery history
8 Die on top of renan
until integrate the bottle of there and do not fear to the west the mona bastos
speradio
are students and b winter dentist ursula and remember new projects online
tenorio
dacal talking about roulette vorst heifer
in relation to the animals if I think they are assimilated that I think still
I have a lot to improve about the intention of the derf to react
of girls have to show the side because this year
displaying ruins
in the pitches and dents denner
the area is even harsh with sesc and 34% full which has wheat from the
oasis girl on one of these dates and the normal position
bench of meats abiec years can treat my native vegetable veg none
three coaches in the team that rendered competitors who was world champion
then beginning of the course that does not appear lying on top and I in the backcountry
await the two major brands and delicate
which promises another great show of the three drums for 2012 the balloon in the
excellent coach, your serious work
ef
It's very good, every side of it.
I think the reciprocal is also true
So
It will be a good pair
Forever always looking for us produced as made to the best
we are evaluating this in doubt to do something so good next year or
It is best understood
ah